Hi All,

 

Note: Please share required documents to inmorgan.fssbu@capgemini.com and loop me and Chetan in CC.

 

Please share all document within 3 days

 

Please find attached blank court record form, IRF and BV and Database Check Form.

 

Request you to fill the same and share the soft copy as on priority.

 

Please find below the list of mandatory documents

 

BV Form (blank form attached)
 

·       Supporting Documents to be submitted:

 

Relieving letter and Experience Letter from the Current Company OR Offer Letter along with Resignation Acceptance and first & last 3 salary slips.
Relieving letter and Experience Letters from the Previous Organization
Highest Degree Mark sheet and Degree Certificate OR Provisional Certificate from the college/university declaring the Student ID and Duration of Course.
All semester mark sheets of your highest degree
 

CV form(blank form attached)( Please share POS (Period of Stay) in DDMMYYYY to DDMMYYYY format for both address in Court verification form)
IRF (blank form attached) & Database Check Form.
Database check form.
5.       CIBIL documents below.

As per the new process, we are required to perform CIBIL checks for all the Morgan hires.

 

Request you to help with the below listed documents for the attached employees and help us with these documents going forward for all the employees:

 

MANDATORY DOCUMENTS FOR CONDUCTING CREDIT CHECK THROUGH CIBIL

PAN CARD SCAN- self attested
ADDRESS PROOF SCAN- self attested
CONSENT LETTER SCAN(DULY SIGNED BY CANDIDATE) candidate personal email id(Not official) & contact number is mandatory for CIBIL CHECKS.

ID Proof (Copy of any one of these)

Pan Card
Address Proof (Copy of any one of these)

Bank Statement - Not more than 3 months old
Electricity bill - Not more than 3 months old.
Telephone bill [Landline / mobile] - Not more than 3 months old
Credit Card Statement - Not more than 3 months old
Valid Passport [Should not be expired]
Voters Identity Card
Also please note:

The date of birth and the address on the application form should match with the details on the ID/ Address proof.
The address on the address form should be the same as the address provided to the Credit Institution at the time of applying for credit.
All documents should be self-attested.
 

 

KIN

Name

153144

Kodati Jyothirmayee

153075

Mattaparthi Sai Aparna

153117

Kotte Sudheeshna

153115

Kothuru Srilakshmi

153112

Kallepally Alekhya Saivalli

 